feat(lanelet2_extension): update documentation for bus_stop_area to be introduced in format_version2 (#21)
autowarefoundation/autoware_lanelet2_extension: autoware_lanelet2_extension/docs/extra_regulatory_elements.md

_An example:_

```xml
  <way id='9853' visible='true' version='1'>
    <nd ref='9849' />
    <nd ref='9850' />
    <nd ref='9851' />
    <nd ref='9852' />
    <tag k='area' v='yes' />
    <tag k='type' v='no_stopping_area' />
  </way>

  <relation id='9854' visible='true' version='1'>
    <member type='way' ref='9853' role='refers' />
    <member type='way' ref='9848' role='ref_line' />
    <tag k='subtype' v='no_stopping_area' />
    <tag k='type' v='regulatory_element' />
  </relation>
```

## No Parking Area

The area with `no_parking_area` tag can be used to prohibit parking. Stopping for a few seconds is allowed in this area.

_An example:_

```xml
  <way id='9853' visible='true' version='1'>
    <nd ref='9849' />
    <nd ref='9850' />
    <nd ref='9851' />
    <nd ref='9852' />
    <tag k='area' v='yes' />
    <tag k='type' v='no_parking_area' />
  </way>

  <relation id='9854' visible='true' version='1'>
    <member type='way' ref='9853' role='refers' />
    <tag k='subtype' v='no_parking_area' />
    <tag k='type' v='regulatory_element' />
  </relation>
```

## Bus Stop Area

> The area tagged with `bus_stop_area` can be used to limit the pullover space for bus-like vehicles. This area is referred from the road or road_shoulder subtype lanelets where the destination is positioned via the `BusStopArea` regulatory element.

Reviewer: Since this documentation page is for explaining the regulatory element, I think it would be more intuitive to start explaining about the regulatory element itself rather than starting with with the explanation of the object that is referred by the regulatory element.

```suggestion
The `BusStopArea` regulatory element can be used to specify the available space for bus-like vehicles to stop at a bus stop. The regulatory element should refer to a polygon with the `bus_stop_area` type and should be referred by the `road` or `road_shoulder` subtype lanelets that overlaps with the target `bus_stop_area` polygon.
```
